Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense.

What's wrong with being a lawyer? That's my family Kay, that's not me. It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes. It's not personal. It's business. The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out.

I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful?

Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. When they come... they come at what you love.

Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry. You can act like a man! I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs.

Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? Never let anyone know what you are thinking. Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.

My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you.

Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. Te salut, Don Corleone. I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.